# challenge
This project was created with the aim of demonstrating development practices with APIs integrating refined functionalities according to the new Agil development standards. Facilitating the communication between platforms with the intention of providing information and shared services in real time. A demonstration of technological evolution and a way to be followed by middle scholars. Academic or commercial. A demonstration not only of knowledge but of cultural evolution. This project was built after a job interview at a Capixaba development company. According to the great mathematician Alan Thurn "I believe that sometimes it's people that nobody expects anything that does things that no one can imagine."  Man chooses his own path where his will to evolve and survive sovereignly in the control of everything, with his insatiable desire for discovery becomes what he fears the most .. The mirror of his creation, the great mystery is not knowing that one hour life ends .. The great mystery lies in overcoming everything .. Overcome beyond your own mind .. It is to create one's own image and likeness to be able to act as discoverer and owner of the power of knowledge .. At any cost the survival of our species revolves between complex calculations full of probabilities .. But man is guided by the pleasure of dominating himself and other animals we can say that historically .. Among many facts the human being would be a prey if he did not foce the desire to learn ever more .. This will that surpasses everything and all pain besides providing facts and metric measures ten of the primordios until the days of hay. I believe that as a scientist and studious of the subject of technological evolution. The human being was created with the purpose of being just one more stories like the thousands of previous species, ancestors pripatas that left us more than just to survive. He came to understand that learning was necessary and surviving was an art. The universe holds many things that will be studied and evolved until man will be marked in history as the most intelligent thinking animal. The barriers of time will be only erronious assumptions of our ancestors. Our history will be propagated by the huniverso .. And there the man will be really free to learn what is most necessary. Detachment from all things that make it destructive to other species. Social, ideological and certainly cooler evolution in relation to all others that will come in diaten.   Text taken from the book Space Travelers .. On Mars the second book existed and was like earth.  This study is just the beginning .. The technologies will be integrated beyond the human species itself.
